#  Can Fashion Be Sustainable? | BBC Earth

> 生信2001 张子栋 2020317210101

Planet Earth is like no other, breathtaking landscapes exploding with color, home to over 8 million species of plants and animals. This planet sustains us and every creature we share it with. But more than that, it inspires us. Exquisite species overload our senses with their vibrant shades, patterns and textures. Up to now, many of us have taken it for granted but it’s not too late to protect the source of our creativity. This planet is suffocating because of our increasing desire for fast fashion and most of the industry still supports this, making it one of the world's biggest polluters. Our hunger for fast fashion is pushing  species to the brink  of extinction destroying the habitats that provide us with clean air and polluting  the rivers that give us fresh water. Each year over a hundred billion items of clothing are produced globally using thousands of different chemicals yet three out of five items end up in landfill within 12 months. We all need a healthy planet not only to  survive but also to inspire the creativity that drives fashion and design, and there is hope nature's power of regeneration is remarkable. The choice lies with us every time we invest in an item of clothing. We can consider every purchase and love our choices. We can buy quality and consume less. We can recycle and repurpose.  Together we can change our attitude towards fast fashion sustainable,  clean, considered  fashion.
